What my parents have told me is that the chieftains,
who are the bosses, let's put it that way, the mayors, well,
they didn't let the road through here, they say.
They didn't want the road to go through here,
but the line of the highway did pass through Jordan.
Aratoca, Jordán, Mesa de los Santos.
And it was a big mistake not to allow the road to pass through,
they did not think about the future of people
who lived here, right?
They could have had a better future, right?
And the lands, everything,
everything would have gained more value, more worth.
The town would have been another colonial town,
a town, let's say, similar to Barichaga, right?
Barichara has a lot, in tourism, in everything.
The value of the lands there…
a plot of land in Barichara is worth a lot of money.
We have lost many things due to mismanagement
due to the thinking of a person
who often didn't have the right things in mind.
Thinking about doing harm,
but not thinking about doing good.
And that's what happens, that's it.